[title]: # (Secret Server Release Notes 10.5.000000)
[tags]: # (Release Notes)
[priority]: #
[display]: # (search,content,print)

# Secret Server Release Notes 10.5.000000

*Release Date: 7/10/2018*

## Enhancements

**SAML**

- Added a new SAML configuration page so SSO providers can be configured without modifying the saml.config file.

**UI Updates**

 - Subfolders can now be created within a user's Personal Folder.
  - The login screen domain dropdown menu can now be disabled for customers that wish to hide the list of domains.
  - Added auditing for the following configuration changes: Character Sets, Password Requirements, Event Subscriptions, Role names, Backups, Custom Password Changers, Licenses, and Database Connections.
  - Added export functionality for Heartbeat logs, Remote Password Changing logs, Discovery logs, and Computer Scan logs.
  - Failed password changes now display an error within the Secret View UI and a link to a [Remote Password Changing Errors](https://support.thycotic.com/kb/a50/remote-password-changing-errors.aspx) KB article.
  - If using multiple devices per user in Duo Security for two factor logins, Secret Server will now show the Device Name set in the Duo admin portal next to each device.

**Discovery**

 - Added Discovery settings to scan for open ports on target machines, connect to specific ports, and set a default timeout for port scanning.
  - Added a Discovery scanner setting for excluding services, tasks, or application pools by name.
  - Added new Diagnostic logs to address duplicate Discovery Scan items.

**Password Changing**

 - Auto Change Schedules can now be configured so that they will trigger a password change even if the Secret is not expired.
  - Added the ability to rotate SSH Keys with no passphrase required.

**Reporting**

 - Added Session Revocations to the User Audit report.
  - Added IP addresses to the login failure report.
  - Added new chart options for custom SQL reports.

- Added the ability to configure AS400 Password Changers. https://thycotic.force.com/support/s/article/SS-Creating-AS-400-Password-Changers

- Enhanced Secret Server's ability to process larger message sizes.

- Distributed Engines now send operation results back to Secret Server through the Site Connector instead of sending them via website.

- Ticket System Integration can now be configured to work over Distributed Engine.

- Improved System Log Searching in active environments.

- Added new Syslog event messages for SIEM integration and enhanced log messaging.

## Security Enhancements

- Added a configuration setting to change the default role that a new user receives.

- Added the ability to audit certificate verification errors for Active Directory calls over LDAPS and syslog connections using Secure TCP.

- Added the ability to send a client certificate with Active Directory calls over LDAPS or syslog connection using Secure TCP.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue where Secret Policy changes would not apply to all Secrets.

- Fixed issue where Service Account Discovery could timeout and flag Secret Dependencies for removal.

- Fixed issue where Two Factor could prevent a "Login Failed" audit on the user; added new logging details in the Audit User Log if errors do occur from Two Factor authentication.

- Fixed issue where excluding OUs from Discovery scans prevented computers from being deleted when they were removed from AD.

- Fixed condition in certain environments where the auto-change Secrets were not changing properly.

- Improved performance of the Discovery Stored Procedure for specific OUs scanning to avoid timeout in large environments.

- Fixed a logging exception in Monitor Logging.

- Resolved a permission error in certain environments that occurred during Local Account Discovery Scans.

- Fixed issue where integrated Windows login requests were building up in the tbOauthExpiration table.

- Fixed issue where columns could not be sorted in Discovery Network View.

- Fixed issue where queued RabbitMQ messages were lost if RabbitMQ was restarted.

- Fixed bug where an email config port change was logging the new port as the old port.

- Fixed an issue with SQL Replication where indexes on indexed views were not replicated.

- Fixed issue where a DependencyResolutionException could occur on the Login page and prevent use of site until an IIS reset was performed.

- Fixed issue with SSH password rotation/Heartbeat connections that were reporting "Unexpectedly inactive."

- Fixed issue where the Secret Server Clipboard Utility could not be installed with Chrome 67.

- Fixed issue where the dashboard Add Content dropdown displayed below the Secrets table.

- Fixed null reference bug that occurred when autocomplete textboxes were used in lieu of a dropdown for the Group/User selector.

- Fixed bug in Password Changing where a large number of Secrets targeting the same resource for certain password changers could prevent processing.

- Fixed issue where root folders could be created through the CSV import process while that user did not have the Create Root Folders role permission.

- Fixed an issue that could cause occasional black flickering to appear in Session Recording videos.

- Fixed issue where users could be logged out of Secret Server due to inactivity while actively browsing certain pages.

- Fixed issue where new Secrets displayed the option to save to a user's Personal Folder even if Personal Folders were disabled.

- Fixed issue where Discovery local account scans were parsing unnecessary data and taking more time than necessary in large Active Directory domains

- Fixed issue where changes to Users would not save when extremely large numbers of AD groups were being synchronized.

- Fixed issue with custom Powershell Ticket System integrations where entering a ticket number to view a Secret would produce an error.

- Fixed issue where creating a new Event Subscription would fail when specifying a user or group.

- Fixed issue where the REST API would not correctly implement the "Require Two Factor for Web Services" configuration option.

- Fixed issue where Heartbeat could be stuck in Pending status.

- Fixed issue where creating new Folders would fail when there were no other Folders.

- Fixed condition in certain environments where the auto-change Secrets were not changing properly.

- Fixed issue where Dashboard searching was slow in environments with large numbers of Secrets.

- Use of SAML while Virtual Assist Keyboard is disabled no longer causes Virtual Assist Keyboard to appear.

## Security Fixes

- Fixed issue with Unlimited Admin permissions and managing Groups.

- Deprecated TLS 1.0 in Security Hardening Check.

- Fixed issue with script names.
- Fixed issue with Upgrade Status log.