[title]: # (Secret Server Release Notes 10.7.000002)
[tags]: # (Release Notes)
[priority]: #
[display]: # (search,content,print)

# Secret Server Release Notes 10.7.000002

October 8, 2019


> **Note:** Secret Server 10.7 and later no longer support using SQL Server 2008 R2 as the database for SS.

**General Bug Fixes**

- Fixed an issue where automatic password changes (including scheduled password rotations) did not run on environments with distributed engines.

**Note:** Using the "Run Now" button (Admin > Remote Password Changing) to manually start the process was unaffected.

- Fixed an intermittent PuTTY crash with the RDP Launcher caused by PuTTY version updates in Secret Server not properly disposing named-pipe-related entities after the 10.7 release.

- Fixed an issue where writing to the local CEF log file threw exception errors, causing deadlocks, due to a missing whitelist for local CEF logging.

- Fixed an issue where the "Generate New SSH Key" button did not generate a public key when creating a new SSH key secret.

- Fixed an issue where disabling two-factor authentication using the "Lost Phone" option did not trigger a "Two-Factor Changed" event, resulting in the event logs not recording the reset of the user's two-factor authentication mechanism. Added two new events, one for a successful and one for an unsuccessful TOTP reset.

**Mac Launcher Fixes**

- Fixed an issue where copy actions in a launched session would drop the last letter in the copied string.

- Resolved an issue where a Mac RDP session could crash if left open for a long, inactive period.

- Fixed an issue where right-clicking within a PowerShell window terminated the Mac RDP session with the server.

- Fixed an issue where turning off custom resolution in "Launcher Settings" caused a crash on next launch.

- Added a check to ensure a non-zero height and width are used. If the width is set to 0, then a width of 1024 is used. If height is set to 0, then as height of 768 is used. These were the previous default settings.

- Enhanced messaging when sessions are disconnected due to server-side tasks. The user now receives a dialog notification letting them know that the session was closed from the server.

- Fixed an issue where pressing the Option key during a Mac RDP Launcher session malfunctioned as if the user was indefinitely holding down the key.

- Added scrollbars to the FreeRDP window to improve mouse scrolling. The mouse wheel now scrolls windows inside the connected server but does not scroll the FreeRDP window. Users must drag the FreeRDP scrollbars to move the content.

- Made window resizable down to 100×100 pixels and up to the specified dimensions.

- Fixed a memory leak where leaving Mac launcher sessions open for an extended period consumed ever-increasing memory on the machine hosting the session.

- Fixed a session recording issue in the Mac Launcher when multiple recorded sessions occurred at the same time. If a recorded session began while another session was already recording, the original recording would not be saved.

