[title]: # (Secret Server Release Notes 10.8.000004)
[tags]: # (Release Notes)
[priority]: #
[display]: # (search,content,print)

# Secret Server: 10.8.000004 Release Notes

June 8, 2020

>**Note:** The system requirements last changed with version 10.7.000000. See [that version's release notes](./ss-rn-10-7-000000.md) for details.

## Upgrade Notes

- **Thycotic encourages all customers to upgrade at the earliest opportunity.**
- Security advisories are under review and will be published at the end of that review process. The link to that advisory will appear here.
- Thycotic thanks Jay Huang from [Insomnia Security](https://www.insomniasec.com) for identifying the security issues leading to this release.

## Security

### High Priority Security Fix

Addressed incorrect user permissions validation.
- Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v3.1 score: 8.8 (High).
- CVSS v3.1 Vector [AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H&version=3.1).

### Additional Security Fixes

- Added Custom “URL Security Check” to the Secret Server Security Hardening report. Thycotic recommends configuring the Custom URL.
- Added host and port validation when using a proxied secret.
- Remediated potential cross-site scripting vulnerability.
- Added host and port validation when using a proxied secret.
- Implemented SHA-512 hashes for the launcher, replacing an older hash algorithm.
- Added host and port validation when using a proxied secret.
- Modified when cookies are set during authentication.
