[title]: # (Secret Server Release Notes 10.9.000001)
[tags]: # (Release Notes)
[priority]: # (1000)
[display]: # (all)

# Secret Server: 10.9.000002 Release Notes

September 22, 2020

>**Note:** The system requirements last changed with version 10.7.000000. See [that version's release notes](./ss-rn-10-7-000000.md) for details.

## Upgrade Notes

Thycotic encourages all customers to upgrade at the earliest opportunity. 

### Security

Security update to resolve a SQL injection vulnerability that an authenticated administrative user could exploit to achieve remote code execution on the Secret Server host system. 

Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v3.1 score: 8.0 (High). 

[CVSS v3.1 Vector AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator?vector=AV:N/AC:H/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H&version=3.1)

Secret Server Cloud has been updated to include this security fix. 

## New Features and Enhancements

None

## Bug Fixes

The following bug fixes apply to non-cloud Secret Server only. Secret Server Cloud has not been updated to include these fixes. 

- Fix to Discovery rules to correctly handle OUs with bracketed names. 
- Secret names in reports are now links to the corresponding secret. 
- Logout from Secret Server no longer sends the `Clear-Site-Data` header, which could previously log users out of unrelated Web applications. 
- SSH connections via SSH proxy now close correctly. 
- Fixed an SSH proxy connection timeout when connecting via a distributed engine. 