[title]: # (Secret Server Cloud Supplemental Release Notes)
[tags]: # (Release Notes)
[priority]: # (1000)
[display]: # (search,content,print)

# Secret Server Cloud Supplemental Release Notes

October 24, 2020

The following are changes to Secret Server Cloud that supplement the Secret Server on-premises release 10.9.000002.

## Security

Added an administrator configuration option for Web Password Filler to require a fully qualified domain match.

## Enhancements

- Scheduler role logging improved when a service provider disables an instance of Secret Server.
- Failure prevention processes for mitigating service outages improved.
- Delivery and loading of UI frameworks improved.
- Failure prevention processes for mitigating service outages improved.
- Discovery Active Directory OUs scanning via the engine worker improved.
- Failure prevention processes for mitigating service outages improved.
- Secret Server Cloud platform stability improved.
- Secret names in reports are now links to the corresponding secret (also appears in 10.9.000002 on-premises release).

## Bug Fixes

Fixes applying only to Secret Server Cloud:

- Fixed an intermittent issue with the bulk exportation of event logs.
- Fixed an issue where a secret’s audit log accumulated an excessive number of encryption and decryption event messages.
- Fixed additional infrastructure bugs affecting the overall stability of Secret Server Cloud.

Fixes in common with the 10.9.000002 on-premises release:

- Fixed discovery rules to correctly handle OUs with bracketed names.
- Fixed issue so that on log off from Secret Server no longer sends the `Clear-Site-Data` header, which could log users out of unrelated Web applications.
- Fixed issue where SSH connections via SSH proxy closed incorrectly.
- Fixed an SSH proxy connection timeout when connecting via a distributed engine.